MTDSA-21711 - change log for deprecated headers (#175)
hmrc/income-tax-mtd-changelog: README.md

* Please note that the date shown is the date that the change was released to the Sandbox or Production.

---
### 15 February 2024

The following change is now available in Sandbox and Production:

#### self-assessment-bsas-api

Deprecated endpoints will now return the following response headers:
- Deprecation - the deprecation date/time
- Link - a link to the relevant API documentation
- Sunset (if available) - date/time after which the endpoint may not be available

> The 'API lifecycle & deprecation' section of the Income Tax (Making Tax Digital) end-to-end service guide will be updated with more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see the [service guide](https://developer.service.hmrc.gov.uk/guides/income-tax-mtd-end-to-end-service-guide/documentation/api-deprecation-guidance.html#indicating-deprecation-in-headers).
```

Reviewer: Just a small change here. Approved by Ben.
